Ah, here comes the monster
Since you're here, don't even think about running away
What are we going to do to defend the city?
Brother Shoucheng, this 5kg person is very powerful.
You can't beat
Run away, I'm going to stay and fix them
Hide and defend the city
Defend the city, you are crazy
Hurry up and run, hahahaha.
Zhang Shoucheng let you win by chance last time.
This time my grandfather went out of customs in person
See where you run
What the hell is going on, sister?
Let's run too
Why are you running?
Today's situation is against him Zhang Shoucheng
What does it have to do with us?
But Zhang Shoucheng treated us like that last time.
Don't you want revenge?
Exactly.
This time, it happened to be through the blood and sweat of Young Master Qin's ability
Still Qin Shao is powerful
Even the goblins can be invited
Zhang Shoucheng, last time you tricked the dog to bite me
This time I want to see how you die
Really? I'm afraid I've let you down again.
Because only they could die
I didn't expect you to be so powerful and unfair
Now I'm going through eight captivity.
Defend the city, run away
There's no self-awareness.
Use your father to control everyone else to die
Ahahahahaha Zhang Shoucheng
Let's see how you deal with it this time. Go to hell
It was a dreamer
Martial arts experts dare to be presumptuous in front of the locals